Zhang Haiyang
I heard you're crazy
As a senior credit officer
Call the Wind and Call the Rain
Bare hands cover the sky
I wronged you
What a fart
Dog eyes look down on people
A big customer like Miss Wanqiu
Can you afford to offend?
Miss Late Autumn
Big customer Mr. Tang
Are you mistaken?
He is one
The down-and-out lady who was just kicked out of the door by the Su family
How is that possible?
You are questioning me
shouldn't
I declare
Gala Bank removes Zhang Haiyang from all positions
Zhang Haiyang, your oath has been fulfilled
Now pack up and get out
Mr. Tang, you can't fire me
I just now
The bank signed a huge loan
20 million
For two generations
Really voided immediately
Void? How can you void?
I also took a piece of land as collateral
Why don't you give me a loan?
Land what land
It can't be the old factory building of Nanshanping, can it?
No, that's the lifeblood of the Su family